# Work-Portfolio
A repository of work, school, and research projects. Code files for selectd projects are in the process of being uploaded.

<b>Project Reports:</b>

<b><a href="https://livealbany-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/r/personal/mbennett3_albany_edu/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7BDFB5BE87-0282-4E8D-8BF0-847C65F118C2%7D&file=Job%20Analysis.docx&action=default&mobileredirect=true">Job Analysis Report:</b></a> This was a solo project completed during a course on personnel psychology. I completed a job analysis for peer tutors, which involved compiling information froma variety of sources (<a href="https://www.onetonline.org/">O-Net online</a>, interviews, surveys, and my own experience) and conductingan anlysis of job-relevant knowledge, skills, abilities, and other characteristics (KSAOs) relevant to the job title of peer tutor. The report was the final deliverable.

<b><a href="https://livealbany-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/r/personal/mbennett3_albany_edu/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7BF6ACDDE6-2DFD-4908-8713-BC0132CADB82%7D&file=Validation%20Report.docx&action=default&mobileredirect=true">Assessment Validation Report:</b></a> This validation report was completed during a practicum. I worked with a team of other students complete the project for a company offering talent assessment instruments. We were tasked with analyzing performance and assessment data from a real estate firm to see whether the company's instrument successfully predicted mployee performance. I was involved in, and sometimes solely responsible for, every part of the project, including data cleaning, preliminary analysis, correlation and regression analyses, and final report writeup. Certain details have been omitted or changed, such as the name and details about the companies involved and the names of the instrument scales and variables. Analyses were conducted in SPSS.

<b>Academic Articles:</b>

<b><a href="https://www.nationalwellbeingservice.org/volumes/volume-5-2021/volume-5-article-4/">Does trait mindfulness help working college students get more satisfaction? The mediating role of work meaning and work-to-school enrichment:</b></a> This is an article I co-authored with my undergraduate research advisor, with whom I continued to collaborate after graduation. (COVID made it hard to conduct research at my Master's institution, SUNY Albany, so I was grateful for the opportunity to continue research work with Dr. Laurel McNall.) For this study, which investigated the relationship that trait mindfulness has with the work and school roles of college students, I oversaw survey administration and conducted the analyses, conducting multiple serial mediation analyses on the data.

<b><a href="https://link.springer.com/referenceworkentry/10.1007%2F978-3-319-69909-7_4054-2">Work-Family Enrichment</a> (Entry in the Encyclopedia of Quality of Life and Well-Being Research, 2nd Edition):</b> I wrote an update for this article, which appeared in the first edition of the Encyclopedia fo Quality of Life and Well-Being Research. I was in charge of the literature review to catch up on recent developments within the field of work-family enrichment since the first article's publication 6 years earlier and edited the first artice to include new information.

