This folder contains selected projects I worked on while completing my master's degree in Industrial-Organizational Psychology at the University at Albany. Code for selectd projects are in the process of being uploaded.

<b>Project Reports:</b>

<b><a href="https://livealbany-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/r/personal/mbennett3_albany_edu/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7BDFB5BE87-0282-4E8D-8BF0-847C65F118C2%7D&file=Job%20Analysis.docx&action=default&mobileredirect=true">Job Analysis Report:</b></a> This was a solo project completed during a course on personnel psychology. I completed a job analysis for peer tutors, which involved compiling information froma variety of sources (<a href="https://www.onetonline.org/">O-Net online</a>, interviews, surveys, and my own experience) and conductingan anlysis of job-relevant knowledge, skills, abilities, and other characteristics (KSAOs) relevant to the job title of peer tutor. The report was the final deliverable.

<b><a href="https://livealbany-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/r/personal/mbennett3_albany_edu/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7BF6ACDDE6-2DFD-4908-8713-BC0132CADB82%7D&file=Validation%20Report.docx&action=default&mobileredirect=true">Assessment Validation Report:</b></a> This validation report was completed during a practicum. I worked with a team of other students complete the project for a company offering talent assessment instruments. We were tasked with analyzing performance and assessment data from a real estate firm to see whether the company's instrument successfully predicted mployee performance. I was involved in, and sometimes solely responsible for, every part of the project, including data cleaning, preliminary analysis, correlation and regression analyses, and final report writeup. Certain details have been omitted or changed, such as the name and details about the companies involved and the names of the instrument scales and variables. Analyses were conducted in SPSS.

<b>Academic 
